hey guys this is Ron from YouTube's
rockin middle news and this is your
maximum threshold rock and metal news
report Slipknot have recently released
the first new single titled the negative
one now you can check out the music
video for the new track which is now on
YouTube Norma Jean and Emery will be Co
headlining the two-headed monster tour
with night verses and art effects
pareo as support you can check out the
official websites of the bands for the
tour dates and Trivium frontman Matt
heavy has released a track which he
wrote to be intended for use by another
band Matt stated I was recently asked to
ghost write a song for a contemporary
band the song ended up not being used so
I decided you guys must may enjoy it
here it is it's called the wretchedness
inside you can check that out now on
YouTube and suicide silence was joined
by Hatebreed vocalist Jamey Jasta on
July the 27th at the Hartford
Connecticut Mayim Festival show they
played a cover of hate breeds a last
breath which is now on YouTube
continuing with your maximum threshold
dotnet rock and metal news darkest hour
have released a rehearsal video for
their track of rapture in exile on
YouTube the band's new album is now out
through Sumerian Records and the 2015
temples festival is set for May the 29th
and 31st at motion in Bristol UK some
bands have been announced with many more
set to be announced in the future some
of the bands are converged playing May
29th pig destroyer Between the Buried
and Me goat snake and Trypticon plus
many more and upon a burning bodies new
album the world is my enemy now is
streaming on YouTube for a limited time
the album will be out on August 12
through Sumerian Records Trivium mad
heavy appears on the track blood sweat
and tears and Tyler Smith from the word
a live guests on I've earned my time
that's on the Sumerian site Sumerian
Records site on YouTube to check that
out and finally nonpoint have released a
trailer for their new album titled
return it soaked through razor and tie
on September the 30th you can check that
out on YouTube now this is Ron from
YouTube's rockin middle news with a Zed
and this has been your maximum threshold
rock and metal news report thanks for
tuning in